British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 3: Research, Synthesis and Critical Evaluation.
Lesson 1: Research, Synthesis and Critical Evaluation: Grammar Lesson 1.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen for the target grammar. Notice the form, the meaning, and the example.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a grammar task about policy.
Today you will practise language connected to policy.
Target language: nominalisation.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise grammar for research, synthesis and critical evaluation. You will learn useful language connected to policy and practise nominalisation. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.